VRF V2 Direct funding docs (#854)
smartcontractkit/documentation: docs/Using Randomness/chainlink-vrf.md

- If your use case requires to regularly request for randomness then choose the subscription method. Otherwise , choose the wrapper method. The wrapper method is more suitable to one-off/seldom requests.
- If you have several VRF consumer contracts then choose the subscription method.
- If you want more control on the maximum gas price to be paid and less gas overhead then choose the subscription method. You can read the [Subscription](/docs/vrf/v2/subscription/) and [Wrapper](/docs/vrf/v2/wrapper/) explanation pages to understand how the transaction costs are calculated.
- Due the wrapper overhead, you can request up to 10 random words in a single request. While with the subscription method, you can request up to 200 random words depending on the network.

## Supported networks

Chainlink VRF v2 is currently available on the following networks:

- Ethereum:
  - Mainnet
  - Rinkeby testnet
- BNB Chain:
  - Mainnet
  - Testnet
- Polygon (Matic):
  - Mainnet
  - Mumbai Testnet
- Avalanche:
  - Avalanche Mainnet
  - Avalanche Fuji Testnet
- Fantom:
  - Fantom Mainnet
  - Fantom Testnet

> Depending on the method method that you choose: See the [Subscription Configuration](/docs/vrf/v2/subscription/configuration/) or the [Wrapper Configuration](/docs/vrf/v2/wrapper/configuration/) pages for a complete list of contract addresses and gas price limits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The contract addresses and gas price limits are different depending on which method you use to get randomness. You can find the configuration, addresses, and limits for each method on the following pages:

- [Subscription Configuration](/docs/vrf/v2/subscription/configuration/)
- [Wrapper Configuration](/docs/vrf/v2/wrapper/configuration/)
```

> Depending on the method method that you choose: See the [Subscription Configuration](/docs/vrf/v2/subscription/configuration/) or the [Wrapper Configuration](/docs/vrf/v2/wrapper/configuration/) pages for a complete list of contract addresses and gas price limits.

Reviewer: You might move this above the list of networks just so the links are easier to find.

Author: done in next push

## Two methods to request randomness

Chainlink VRF v2 offers two methods for requesting randomness:

- [Subscription](/docs/vrf/v2/subscription/): Create a subscription account and fund its balance with LINK tokens. Users can then connect multiple consuming contracts to the subscription account. When the consuming contracts request randomness, the transaction costs are calculated after the randomness requests are fulfilled and the subscription balance is deducted accordingly. This method allows you to fund requests for multiple consumer contracts from a single subscription.
- [Direct funding](/docs/vrf/v2/direct-funding/): Consuming contracts directly pay with LINK when they request random values. You must directly fund your consumer contracts and ensure that there are enough LINK tokens to pay for randomness requests.

## Choosing the correct method

> Depending on your use case, one method might be more suitable than another. The recommendations are the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on your use case, one method might be more suitable than another. Consider the following recommendations when you choose a method:
```

- If your use case requires regular requests for randomness, choose the subscription method to simplify funding and reduce the overall cost. Otherwise, choose the direct funding method. The direct funding method is more suitable for infrequent one-off requests.
- If you have several VRF consuming contracts, choose the subscription method.

> - To reduce gas overhead and have more control over the maximum gas price for requests, choose the Subscription method. You can read the [Subscription Method](/docs/vrf/v2/subscription/) and [Direct Funding Method](/docs/vrf/v2/direct-funding/) pages to understand how the transaction costs are calculated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To reduce gas overhead and have more control over the maximum gas price for requests, choose the Subscription method. Read the [Subscription Method](/docs/vrf/v2/subscription/) and [Direct Funding Method](/docs/vrf/v2/direct-funding/) pages to understand how the transaction costs are calculated.
```

> - If your use case requires to regularly request for randomness then choose the subscription method. Otherwise , choose the ad-hoc method. The ad-hoc method is more suitable to one-off/seldom requests.
> - If you have several VRF consuming contracts then choose the subscription method.
> - If you want more control on the maximum gas price to be paid and less gas overhead then choose the subscription method. You can read the [Subscription](/docs/vrf/v2/subscription/) and [Ad-hoc](/docs/vrf/v2/ad-hoc/) explanation pages to understand how the transaction costs are calculated.
> - Due to an overhead with the ad-hoc method, you can request much more random words in a single request with the Subscription method than the Ad-hoc method. You can compare the maximum number of words per request and per method: [Subscription configuration](/docs/vrf/v2/subscription/configuration/#configurations) and [Ad-hoc configuration](/docs/vrf/v2/ad-hoc/configuration/#configurations).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If your use case requires regular requests for randomness, choose the subscription method to simplify funding and reduce the overall cost. Otherwise , choose the ad-hoc method. The ad-hoc method is more suitable for infrequent one-off requests.
- If you have several VRF consuming contracts, choose the subscription method.
- To reduce gas overhead and have more control over the maximum gas price for requests, choose the subscription method. You can read the [Subscription](/docs/vrf/v2/subscription/) and [Ad-hoc](/docs/vrf/v2/ad-hoc/) explanation pages to understand how the transaction costs are calculated.
- Because the ad-hoc method has higher overhead, it cannot return as many random words in a single request as the subscription method. You can compare the maximum number of words per request and per method on the [Subscription configuration](/docs/vrf/v2/subscription/configuration/#configurations) and [Ad-hoc configuration](/docs/vrf/v2/ad-hoc/configuration/#configurations) pages.
```
